You know what it is? This is a runway!
This palce is so big and it looks empty without anything there!
Such a big and empty space...
(JinSoul really did her best until the end)
It's time to shoot the last scene
I have to get ra... what?
I have to get rained on for the last scene...
(She has to get rained on this outside for the last scene)
But... look at that! That seems like a penalty for me..!
I wonder how the rain comes down...
(Like this...)
Thank you for your work~
(Kim Lip cheering her up until the MV shooting ends!)
Kim Lip: We've done
JinSoul: We stayed up all night!
Kim Lip: I've been awake 25 hours!
Kim Lip: I'm going to sleep at hone
JinSoul: Right!
JinSoul: You know? You have to go to school after few hours sleep.
(LOOΠΔ TV will be continued. Coming Soon!)
JinSoul: Thank you for your work!
Kim Lip&JinSoul: Bye!
JinSoul: See you next time!